
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::InfoSQLite - Posy plugin which gives supplementary entry
information.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.01'' of Posy::Plugin::InfoSQLite.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin overrides the Posy::Plugin::Info plugin, giving the ".info"
information in an SQLite database rather than in .info files. This will set
$info_* flavour variables which can be used in flavour templates.

This plugin replaces the 'info' method for returning the info related to an
entry. The other Posy::Plugin::Info functionality remains unchanged.

Note that if you were using the 'index_info' action for Posy::Plugin::Info,
it is best to remove it when using Posy::Plugin::InfoSQLite, since it is now
a redundant waste of time and space.

Note that it is entirely up to the user to populate and design the SQLite
database which is going to be used. This plugin simply enables the contents
of one table (or view) of that database to be used in Posy flavour
templates.

This plugin expects (a) a database (b) a table (c) a column within that
table which has a value for each entry you want Info information on. There
are two ways which this can be done. One is for the column to contain a
straight entry-id. The other is for it to contain a URL relative to the top
of the site -- that is, basically like the entry-id, but with a known
extension like .html. The second method is useful if you want to use the
database to be accessed separately and still have useable URL data (for
example, if you use a separate search CGI script designed for SQLite
databases).


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the data
directory.

``infosqlite_db''
The location of the SQLite database file.

``infosqlite_table''
The name of the table (or view) from which to get the info data.

``infosqlite_entry_id_col''
The name of the column in the table which contains the file-id of the entry
file (see also infosqlite_url_col).

``infosqlite_url_col''
An alternative to ``infosqlite_entry_id_col''; this contains the name of the
column in the table which has the URL of the entry file; basically, the same
as the file-id, but with a proper extension.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::InfoSQLite

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules.

Therefore you will need to change the PERL5LIB variable to add
/home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Posy::Plugin::Info

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

